# Vacation Policy

<aside>
💡 **Notion Tip:** Clearly explaining your vacation policy in writing keeps everyone on the same page. Here are some things you might consider including to make this page comprehensive.

</aside>

# Summary

<aside>
💡 **Notion Tip:** Make your policies as simple and easy to understand as possible. Distinguish paid time off from sick days if they're different. Don't leave room for uncertainty!

</aside>

## Days Off

Every employee at Acme Corp starts with the standard PTO allowance outlined below.

[PTO Allowance](Vacation%20Policy%203a3023a653084155aa2bd5177b3668db/PTO%20Allowance%2014feba75c9304d49a8c49f6c14e2ffc1.csv)

## Holidays

- Martin Luther King Day
- Memorial Day
- Independence Day
- Labor Day

- Thanksgiving Day
- Christmas Day
- New Years Day

# Vacation accrual

<aside>
💡 **Notion Tip:** Companies sometimes have a system for accruing time based on employee tenure. This can be a major source of confusion. A Q&A section is a great solution.

</aside>

- **Q: Will my unused vacation days carry over to the following year?**
    
    A: ****Unused days *can* be carried over into the following year. While we encourage you to get out of the office and refresh, we won't penalize you for showing up to work 😉
    
- **Q: As a new employee, will my vacation days be prorated?**
    
    A: Yes. The number of personal days will be adjusted based on your start date. Sick days and holidays will not be affected.
    
- **Q: If I leave the company, will I be compensated for unused days?**
    
    A: Yes. You will receive a check compensating you for any unused *personal* days. Sick days and holidays will not be reimbursed.
    

# Requesting time off

<aside>
💡 **Notion Tip:** Have an HR system where employees can easily request time off and get approval from their supervisor? If so, link to that here!  🔗

</aside>

Time off can be requested through our Gusto HR software.
Login here with your company email:

[https://app.gusto.com/login](https://app.gusto.com/login)